Richest heir, right?
President of the Chamber of Commerce, right?
I splashed the heir to protect the heir
Any comments?
Ask everyone here
Who has an opinion?
stand up
Oolong is carrying one grain
Yes, I will bear all the consequences.
You are responsible. What qualifications do you have to be responsible for?
Do you have the ability to be responsible?
I might as well tell you
I really have this qualification
The managers have already explained to me just now.
I am the chairperson of the Chamber of Commerce this time
Hahaha
Young Master Ye, you are really the president?
What kind of heir do you want to fight with this trash?
After you are elected president
The whole night market has to kneel
Please go back
What you said
It seems that these five years
The temple is getting more and more unruly
rules
Dare to mention the rules in front of the stewards 3 times
Have you had enough?
Let me teach you what the rules are
Chu Ruoxi
Today I'll tell you what the damn rules are
What do you want?
What's up?